add refresh token message in service protocol. (#2259)
Azure/azure-signalr: specs/ServiceProtocol.md

- Max - An `Int32` indicating the max count of results.
- ContinuationToken - A `String` indicating the continuation token of query.

#### Example: TODO

### RefreshToken Message

> `RefreshToken` messages have the following structure:

Reviewer: Could we also include the purpose of this message?

Author: https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5297

- Max - An `Int32` indicating the max count of results.
- ContinuationToken - A `String` indicating the continuation token of query.

#### Example: TODO

### RefreshToken Message

> `RefreshToken` messages have the following structure:

Reviewer 2: Is the name `RefreshAuthMessage` better? `RefreshTokenMessage` sounds like a message carrying an OAuth refresh token.

```
[41, ConnectionIdOrToken, AuthToken, ExpireTime, ExtensionMembers]
```
- 41 - Message Type, indicating this is a `RefreshToken` message.

> - ConnectionIdOrToken - A `String` indicating the connection ID or the original token.

Reviewer 2: I’d suggest naming this field `ConnectionToken` rather than `ConnectionIdOrToken`. ASP.NET Core purposed refresh endpoint shape to be `POST /hub/refresh?id={connectionToken}`, and in negotiate v1+, `ConnectionId` is the public logical connection identifier, while `ConnectionToken` is the opaque token used to bind follow-up HTTP requests to the existing transport connection. Since refresh is a sidecar HTTP request for an existing connection, using `ConnectionToken` keeps the contract consistent with the transport `id` lookup and avoids reintroducing ambiguity around the public `ConnectionId`.
```suggestion
- ConnectionToken - A `String` indicating the opaque SignalR connection token from negotiate, used to identify the live client connection being refreshed.
```

> - AuthToken - A `String` indicating the new auth token.

Reviewer 2: Is it better to send the refreshed `Claims` instead of `AuthToken`?

Author: Agree

> - ExpireTime - An `Int64` indicating the expire time of the new auth token, in UTC ticks.

Reviewer 2: May I know why we want to carry `ExpireTime` separately from `AuthToken.exp`? If both are kept, we'll need to specify which one takes precedence, whether we use the stricter earlier expiry, or require them to match within clock-skew tolerance. Dropping `ExpireTime` and using `exp` as the single source of truth seems simpler.
